Document intro + logo (#1)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: README.md

<p align="center">
<img src="logo.png">
</p>

iOS Playbook 📚
==================================

At babylon, we firmly believe that **transparency** is a core value that should be present in everything we do. The iOS's playbook embodies that value by giving an overview on how we work:

1. Who's part of the team.

> 2. Which squad each individual belongs to and availability.

Reviewer: Then I think it should be "Which squad each individual belongs to, and its availability."

<p align="center">
<img src="logo.png">
</p>

iOS Playbook 📚
==================================

> At Babylon, we firmly believe that **transparency** is a core value that should be present in everything we do. This playbook embodies that value by giving an overview on how we work:

Reviewer 2: ```
At Babylon, **transparency** is a core value that we believe should be present in everything we do. This playbook embodies it by giving an overview of how we work:
```

> At Babylon, we firmly believe that **transparency** is a core value that should be present in everything we do. This playbook embodies that value by giving an overview on how we work:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At Babylon, we firmly believe that **transparency** is a core value that should be present in everything we do. This playbook embodies that value by giving an overview on how we work:
```
```suggestion
```
At Babylon, **transparency** is a core value that we believe should be present in everything we do. This playbook embodies it by giving an overview of how we work:
```
```

> At Babylon, we firmly believe that **transparency** is a core value that should be present in everything we do. This playbook embodies that value by giving an overview on how we work:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
At Babylon, **transparency** is a core value that we believe should be present in everything we do. This playbook embodies it by giving an overview of how we work:
```
```

> At Babylon, we firmly believe that **transparency** is a core value that should be present in everything we do. This playbook embodies that value by giving an overview on how we work:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At Babylon, **transparency** is a core value that we believe should be present in everything we do. This playbook embodies it by giving an overview of how we work:
```

Reviewer 2: Either transparency is a core value or it isn't. If it is, you try/believe to make everything as transparent as possible, if you don't, you don't. Believing in something, IMO, does not correlate on acting on it, so we should state that transparency *is* a value, not a hypothetical.

Reviewer 2: The `of` was suggested by Grammarly, and I think it makes sense.

Author: I am sorry, but I don't fully agree with this suggestion, although I am not a native speaker. This sentence was taken from the iOS Interview Repo, as is, without any change from me.

Reviewer 3: As a native speaker, it should be "overview *of*". As for the other change...meh. I would be inclined to leave it as it is.

Reviewer 2: 👍

1. Who's in the team.
2. Which squad each individual belongs to, and its availability.

> 3. OSS maintained projects.

Reviewer: OSS-maintained  (note the hyphen)

Reviewer: As per your request for the rule, @RuiAAPeres, check the "noun+participate" case in https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/punctuation/hyphen.

| Ana Catarina Figueiredo | [@AnnKatFig](https://twitter.com/AnnKatFig)                   |
| Anders Ha               | [@_andersha](https://twitter.com/_andersha)                   |
| Ben Henshall            |                                                               |
| Danilo Aliberti         |                                                               |
| David Rodrigues         | [@dmcrodrigues](https://twitter.com/dmcrodrigues)             |
| Diego Petrucci          | [@diegopetrucci](https://twitter.com/diegopetrucci)           |
| Ilya Puchka             | [@ilyapuchka](https://twitter.com/ilyapuchka)                 |
| Jason Dobo              |                                                               |
| Martin Nygren           |                                                               |
| Michael Brown           | [@mluisbrown](https://twitter.com/mluisbrown)                 |
| Rui Peres               | [@peres](https://twitter.com/peres)                           |
| Sergey Shulga           | [@SergDort](https://twitter.com/SergDort)                     |
| Viorel Mihalache        | [@viorelMO](https://twitter.com/viorelMO)                     |

> | Wagner Truppel          |                                                               |    

Reviewer: `[@wltrup](https://github.com/wltrup)`

| Witold Skibniewski      | [@mr_witold](https://twitter.com/mr_witold)                   |

> ## 2. Which squad each individual belongs to and availability

Reviewer: "Which squad each individual belongs to, and its availability."

> By definition members work on their respective squad, although they are free to work in different squads if the work load justifies it.

Reviewer: "By definition, members work on their respective squads, although..."

> | Squad Name                    | Members                  | Availability |  

Reviewer: I don't understand what the availability column is saying.

Author: Availability for new members to join.

|-------------------------------|--------------------------| ------------ |
| SDK                           | David, Viorel, Martin    |    3/4       |
| Consultation Experience       | Ilya                     |    1/1       |
| Healthcheck                   | Ben, Wagner              |    2/2       |
| Core                          | Witold, Jason            |    2/4       |
| Professional Services         | Danilo                   |    1/1       |
| GP at Hand                    | Diego                    |    1/1       |
| Project Avalon                | Sergey                   |    1/1       |
| Project Minkowski             | Anders                   |    1/2       |
| Project Bayes                 | Michael                  |    1/1       |

> ## 3. OSS maitained projects

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## 3. OSS maintained projects
```

Reviewer: Actually, it should have an hyphen too: "OSS-maintained"

| Project name                  | Owner(s)                 | Stars        |  
|-------------------------------|--------------------------| ------------ |

> | Bento                         | Anders, David, Serg      | [![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/BabylonPartners/Bento.svg?style=social&label=Star&maxAge=2592000)](https://GitHub.com/BabylonPartners/Bento/stargazers/)             |

Reviewer: Sergey, not Serg.

| DrawerKit                     | David, Wagner            |    [![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/BabylonPartners/DrawerKit.svg?style=social&label=Star&maxAge=2592000)](https://GitHub.com/BabylonPartners/DrawerKit/stargazers/)       |

> | ReactiveFeedback              | Anders, Serg             |    [![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/BabylonPartners/ReactiveFeedback.svg?style=social&label=Star&maxAge=2592000)](https://GitHub.com/BabylonPartners/ReactiveFeedback/stargazers/)        |

Reviewer: Sergey, not Serg.

> ## 4. OSS maintained projects

Reviewer 3: This is a repeat of section 3, so it should be removed. And the following section numbers adjusted accordingly.

> // Working in progress ⚠️

Reviewer: Work in progress, not working in progress.

## 5. Technical documents

> // Working in progress ⚠️

Reviewer: Ditto.

## 6. New hires checklist

> // Working in progress ⚠️

Reviewer: Ditto.

## 7. Interview process

> // Working in progress ⚠️

Reviewer: Ditto.

## 8. Code guidelines, standards and etiquette

> // Working in progress ⚠️

Reviewer: Ditto.
